#summary This page describes the installation process for PWA+PHP in both standalone and non-standalone configurations.

== Procedure For Standalone Installation ==

  * Unzip the archive you downloaded under the public_html folder on your webserver
{{{
$ tar xvf pwa+php_v1.8.3.tar
pwaplusphp/gallery.php
pwaplusphp/index.php
pwaplusphp/install.php
pwaplusphp/INSTALL.txt
pwaplusphp/LICENSE.txt
pwaplusphp/style.css
}}}
  * Point your browser to http://yoursite.com/pwaplusphp/install.php, you should see something like:
{{{
Setting up PicasaWeb tokens for site: yoursite.com
If this is correct, Login to your Google Account
}}}
  * Click the link to login and then you should see a page from google asking you to Grant or Deny access.
  * Click Grant and the token you just generated will be displayed and saved to the config file
  * Click the link to continue to the next step and set your preferences

== Additional Steps For Non-Standalone Installation ==

If you want to include this php script within another PHP code via the include() function or if you want to embed the code within a CMS, like Drupal, you'll need to modify the code a bit.  See below.

  * Ensure `$STANDALONE_MODE=TRUE` in the config.php
  * Copy the entire contents of config.php into the top of both index.php and gallery.php
  * Rename index.php to something less popular, like albums.php and update line 159 and 209 in gallery.php to point to the new name, replacing index.php on that line with the new name.
{{{
159:                    echo "<div id='title'><h2>$ALBUM_TITLE</h2></div><p><a class='back_to_list' href='index.php'>...back to album list</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p>\n";
}}}
  * Update lines 23 in index.php (which you renamed) to point to the embedded or included location of gallery.php.
{{{
23:			$action = "gallery.php";
}}}
  For example, if you're using Drupal and gallery.php is included on the page with id "node/3", your updated line 23 would look like:
{{{
$action="?q=node/3";
}}}
  ...because drupal URLs have the form "http://example.com/?q=node/3".
  * Update line 23 in gallery.php to point to the same location as the previous step, for pagination.
{{{
23:		       $action="?q=node/3";
}}}
 * Update line 24 in gallery.php to point to the new name of index.php, for links back to the main page.
{{{
24:		       $back_link="albums.php";
}}}