#summary Status page for milestones and progress on upcoming release of PWA+PHP Pro.

==Introduction==

The next release of PWA+PHP Pro v0.9.4 for Wordpress drops on March 31st with drastically faster page loads, modern jQuery transition effects and better cross-browser support. Test drive the [http://pwaplusphp.smccandl.net/pro-beta/demo beta demo], visit the [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/wiki/ProReleaseStatusTracker status tracker] and please report any issues you encounter.

==Demo==

Test drive the (in progress and continually updated) live demo of the new code at:
http://pwaplusphp.smccandl.net/pro-beta/demo

==New Feature Status ==

*jQuery Pagination for Image Thumbs (in progress)*
JQ pagination implemented via [http://www.malsup.com/jquery/cycle jQuery Cycle Plugin], providing 28 transition styles. 
Remaining ToDo's:
    * Graceful degrade to old pagination style where JS is disabled
    * Add settings page option for pagination style selection
    * Add option to (or auto) disable for large galleries

*jQuery Pagination for Album Thumbs (not started)*
Similar to above item, but for the album thumbnails on the main gallery page. Must also support degradation for non-JS environments and should have option to disable for large album sets. 

*Faster Page Loads (done)*
Various changes (detailed below) have contributed to noticeably faster page loads, especially for large (300+) image albums.
    * Removed layout options within display loop, which eliminated 4 logical comparisons per image displayed. 
    * Implemented caption hovers via JQuery vs old CSS approach

*New Shortcode Overrides*
Added ability to override the username within shortcode to display any user's public album and albums for different users on each page.

*Bugs Fixed*
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=83 Issue 83] || 404 error when clicking either thumbnail or text link. ||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=73 Issue 73] || Album title and 'back to album' link not displayed.||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=72 Issue 72] || Setting 'Albums Per Page' not saved.||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=78 Issue 78] || Paginated Albums Won't Open.||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=79 Issue 79] || Drop Box Always Shown||