#summary PWA+PHP Pro Picasa Wordpress Plugin Release Notes

== Introduction ==

The most recent version of PWA+PHP Pro for Wordpress was released on 2011-04-03 with drastically faster page loads, modern jQuery transition effects and better cross-browser support. Test drive the [http://pwaplusphp.smccandl.net/pro demo] or review the improvements below.

==New Features==

===jQuery Pagination for Images & Albums===
Classy, moderny jQuery pagination implemented via [http://www.malsup.com/jquery/cycle jQuery Cycle Plugin], providing 28 transition styles.  Degrades properly in browsers that don't support javascript.

===Faster Page Loads, Way Faster===
The code block loop that displays the gallery images has been re-written for speed and users can now cache both image thumbnails and gallery XML locally on the server.  These improvements have resulted in _drastically_ faster page loads.

*Speed Comparison*
||_Version_||_Mode_||_Album Size_||_1st Run_||_2nd Run_|| Improvement ||
||0.9.3 Basic|| N/A || 84 images || .94 sec || .77 sec || N/A ||
||0.9.4 Pro Beta|| Cache Off || 84 images || .84 sec || .57 sec || 17.5% ||
||0.9.4 Pro Beta|| Cache On || 84 images || .04 sec || .03 sec || 96% (24x faster!)||

===Better News & Announcements (done)===
Added news feed to settings page to communicate updates, known issues, and other important information. (done, 3/28)

===New Shortcode Overrides===
Added ability to override the username within shortcode to display any user's public album and albums for different users on each page.

===Bugs Fixed===
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=86 Issue 86] || Caching broken for some installs||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=83 Issue 83] || 404 error when clicking either thumbnail or text link. ||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=73 Issue 73] || Album title and 'back to album' link not displayed.||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=72 Issue 72] || Setting 'Albums Per Page' not saved.||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=78 Issue 78] || Paginated Albums Won't Open.||
|| [http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=79 Issue 79] || Drop Box Always Shown||

== Changelog ==
=== 0.9.4 ===
    * fixed album alignment (via css font-size changes)
    * added username overrides
    * remove bad layout styles and associated functions
    * cleanup unused CSS rules 
    * modify settings pages for SHOW_IMG_CAPTION
    * support cropped / uncropped thumbs in JQ
    * add jq header code to pro
    * MERGE Pagination styles for pro
    * pro add setting for jq transition mode
    * pro add setting to disable jq pagination
    * fix ie6 broken layout, float left display inlone?
    * Fix message: Page:Browser JS disabled!
    * cache feed xml data
    * add JQ pagination for album thumbs in dumpAL
    * cache check to function
    * cache album feed in dAL
    * div by 0 error when IPP = 0
    * add news feed to settings page
    * pro add dumpAlbumList hover overlays via JQ
    * add hide title override in showAC (issue 81)
    * fix caption placement in sAC
    * clean up inline styles in dAL
    * bug fixes
       * fixed broken pagination
       * fixed albums per page setting bug
       * fixed album title and back-link bug 
       * fixed issue 84 link 404
       * fix dropbox always shown
       * fix cache url issue 86

=== 0.9.3 ===
* Added ability to paginate the albums page for users with large number of albums
* Added ability to override image size, images per page and thumbnail size within the shortcode to allow for individual albums to have specific settings.
* Fixed <a href='http://code.google.com/p/pwaplusphp/issues/detail?id=63'>Issue 63</a>.

=== 0.9.2 ===
* Bug fix: fixed issue where username is displayed as title when using tags

=== 0.9.1 ===
* Bug fix: removed debug URL echo from the top the album page. User can also delete line: echo $file from dumpAlbumList.php.

=== 0.9 ===
* Added new shortcode option, 'tag', to display photos matching tags in all albums or in a specific album when paired with 'album' option.
* Added 'Settings' link underneath the plugin name on the Plugins page for easier access to the settings after install
* Updated the settings page target so that the user is returned to the settings page after clicking Update button
* Fixed problem with pagination so that the Pages div is not displayed unless there are multiple pages of results

=== 0.8 ===
* Added new display mode 'Custom Style' with no hardcoded CSS style in the code. Users have complete control of the look and feel via style.css.
* Renamed "Show Photo Caption" option on settings page to "Display Style"
* Fixed display bug for captions with apostrophes.

=== 0.7 ===
* Display tweaks for enhanced compatibility with WPtouch iPhone Theme in mobile browsers
* Fixed display bug with Overlay caption mode in Firefox
* Fixed Language variable issue in album cover shortcode when used in sidebar
* Fixed several layout issues for better theme compatibility
* Moved some remaining CSS in PHP files to CSS file for easier customization
* Pro version: Added links to full image in recent comments block
* Pro version: Fixed bug with comment image display

=== 0.6 ===
* Slick new settings page with WP look and feel
* Option to upgrade to Pro Version for comments, caching and new shortcodes
* Fixed broken v0.5 Hide Video Option
* Added ability to regenerate gdata token w/o remove re-add

=== 0.5 ===
* New option allows for use of uncropped thumbnails
* New "Overlay" display option, using CSS from [MyPHPDropBoxGallery](http://wiki.dropbox.com/DropboxAddons/MyPHPDropBoxGallery)
* New option to specify [date format](http://php.net/manual/en/function.date.php) on album page
* Updated images per page option to allow any integer value

=== 0.4 ===
* New option allows for different size album and photo thumbnails
* New options to set trim length for descriptions and captions via settings panel
* Re-designed install panel with settings in groups
* Forced "always" caption mode for IE6 users when using "hover" caption mode

=== 0.3 ===
* Beta version - added filter functionality to shortcode and caption display options in gallery view

=== 0.2 ===
* Alpha version - initial release.